Fixes #8205 - Add information about SBOM (#8325)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/docs-conceptual/learn/security-features.md

- PowerShell 7.2 now disallows scripts from using COM objects in AppLocker system lock down
  conditions. Cmdlet that use COM or DCOM internally are not affected.

## Software Bill of Materials (SBOM)

Beginning with PowerShell 7.2, all install packages contain a Software Bill of Materials (SBOM). The
SBOM is found at `$PSHOME/_manifest/spdx_2.2/manifest.spdx.json`. The creation and publishing of the
SBOM is the first step to modernize Federal Government cybersecurity and enhance software supply
chain security.

> The PowerShell team is also producing SBOMs for modules that they own but ship separately from
> PowerShell. For modules, the SBOM is installed in the module's folder under

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New versions of modules, shipped separately PowerShell and published by PowerShell team, will also contain SBOMs.
For modules, the SBOM is installed in the module's folder under
```

I don't mean this to be exact language, just a clarification that only new versions will get the SBOM.
